Fixing js binding (#206)
VeriFIT/z3-noodler: src/api/js/README.md

Then run `npm i` to install dependencies, `npm run build:ts` to build the TypeScript wrapper, and `npm run build:wasm` to build the wasm artifact.

Detailed instruction for binding building for Z3-Noodler:
1) Get emscripten trough [emsdk](https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk) and activate its environment:
    ```shell
    git clone 'https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk'
    cd emdsk
    ./emsdk install 3.1.73
    ./emsdk activate 3.1.73
    source emsdk_env.sh
    cd ..
    ```
2) Get and install [Mata](https://github.com/VeriFIT/mata/) library (it will be installed into `emsdk` environment, so no need `sudo` or a worry if `mata` is already installed):
    ```shell
    git clone 'https://github.com/VeriFIT/mata.git'
    cd mata
    mkdir build && cd build
    emcmake cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DMATA_BUILD_EXAMPLES:BOOL=OFF -DBUILD_TESTING:BOOL=OFF ..
    emmake make install
    cd ..
    ```
3) Find the line on the installation output that contains the path to `libmata.a` and copy it onto line 77 of `scripts/build-wasm.ts`
4) Create an empty `build` directory in the root of `z3-noodler` directory.

> 5) From this directory run following commands to build the binding:

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing. It seems like `this` is relating the directory created in the previous step.

Author: ```suggestion
5) Run the following commands while in this directory (where this readme is) to build the binding:
```
Is this ok?

Reviewer: Nice
